---
layout: default
title: Christmas 2016
---
Hiya!

The year is ending, and the nights are growing darker, and that darkness must
naturally draw our mind to the natural topic that darkness will always evoke
for any spirit.  A personage of great power, and grace -- a person who dies and
comes again to put the world to rights, who has his followers but always is
alone at the last as he sacrifices himself for us.

I'm talking, of course, about Batman.

...being serious, here.

I watched the Killing Joke, the 2016 film, last week.  I have always thought of
myself as firmly a Marvel girl.  Spidey is my hero, the underdog for whom being
special is more a burden than anything else, and who sees power in terms of
responsibility.  But watching the Killing Joke, and it being the darkest part
of the year, I was moved to think a little bit about the different faces of
Batman.

First, I don't *like* Trad Batman.  That's a name I just made up for Batman who
once referred to himself in the third person by warning Catwoman "Quiet or papa
spank!" while he forcibly undressed her.  Trad Batman (**Tradman?  No, no --
nevermind**) had the same backstory as the Killing Joke film Batman, but has
taken fundamentally different lessons from his experiences in a way I'd like to
spend a few paragraphs drawing out.

I promise you, this is going to be Christmassy.

I just said 'Killing Joke film' Batman because I understand that the graphic
novel Batman is closer to Tradman than the Radman, Rad Batman, of the film. The
book, I'm told, provides the Oracle's origin story but doesn't really
understand that that is one of its main achievements, and so the other messages
of the book get lost in the better context that has grown up around it.  I
openly admit that I've not read the Killing Joke graphic novel -- when I say
Tradman, please continue imagining 1920s "Papa Spank" Batman.

Trad Batman had a horrible childhood and he learned from that that people need
to be put in their place.  Brutality is the only way forward.  Trad Batman
fights crime because of a mix of habit and a mix of revenge.  There's nothing
to be inspired by in Trad Batman, unless you're inspired to write **Batman:
Shadow of the Bat Annual 2 (1994)** in which Trad Batman runs a terrifying
police state as the natural conclusion of his attitudes to human life.

Rad Batman lost and continues to lose the things most important to him and he
learned from that that there will always be darkness and that people need to be
protected.  Brutality is the only way forward.  Rad Batman fights crime because
there's crime, always crime, always crime, because people are terrible and
there has to be a crimefighter of last resort.  He believes the worst of people
and can't bear to choose anything but being the Batman.

Rad Batman, who was once played by Michael Keaton, doesn't want to be wearing
the Batsuit.  He whispers "I'm Batman" to scare people because he sees no other
options left in the darkness.  Trad Batman, once played by Christian Bale, is
psychotic.  When *he* whispers "I'm Batman" it comes with a side order of lust,
or violence, or hatred.  Rad Batman isn't exactly lighting a candle, but Trad
Batman is very definitely cursing the darkness.  Rad Batman is Sam Vimes in
*Thud!*.

Why am I writing this as part of a Christmas card?  It's the end of the Killing
Joke.  Batman begs the Joker one last time to let him help and heal him.  The
Joker refuses, but chuckles, because it reminds him of a joke.  The joke stinks
-- the wording is flabby and the punchline is weak -- and the frame lingers on
Batman thinking intently.  Then Batman begins to laugh.  He's the first person
in the film to laugh at anything the Joker has said since the Joker's wife died
decades ago.

This is Rad Batman.  He can see he has a moral duty to help the Joker.  He
doesn't want to, and it won't be easy.  Batman offers to help the Joker (he
offers once already but to a fake Joker).  The Joker says no.  Batman falls
silent.  The Joker tells a terrible joke.  Batman freezes.  He's thinking of
the Joker shouting at the entire world to laugh along with him.  He has a moral
duty to help, and laughing at a monster's joke might help that monster. So he
laughs as convincingly as he can.  Batman has not only dedicated himself to
helping even the most wretched villain, he's humble enough to keep listening to
that wretched villain when he rebuffs his offer of help.  I firmly believe that
Sam Liu directed this scene to be *the* Killing Joke.  Batman is killing The
Joker by finally laughing. 

(**Barbara Gordon.  In the film she's the first-person narrator for the first
thirty minutes.  Having never read the graphic novel I saw this as 'story' what
critics dismissed as 'prologue'.  She ends up as the wheelchair-bound Oracle,
whom I've heard is an awesome character.  I didn't have a problem with the
film's treatment of her -- she was a bigger and more interesting character than
Jim Gordon.**)

A friend told me about how she was preparing for Advent.  It sounds like she
spends the last part of the year evaluating her life and her self.  I think
most people  might say they do something similar on a much smaller scale on New
Year's eve.  Her way sounds more effective -- like you could consider a thing
and return to it each Sunday to think about it a little more.

For Advent, I'd like to ask you to help me, in all seriousness, to be a little
bit more like Batman.  Rad Batman.  I don't know if any of this made any sense.
But whether or not it did...

Happy Christmas!
