---
layout: default
title: Christmas 2016
---
Jack's rims hit the ground and caught, and his perilmeter ticked upwards.

Some lightcyclists have safemeters, dashboards on their lightcycles that show
them how likely they are to make it through a day of being a courier in
Alternate York, but Jack preferred a perilmeter.  His was set to never quite
hit zero, a reminder at each moment that a lightcyclist was never safe, even
when the job was finished and you were picking up the credits in your favourite
bar.

Today Jack had woken up to the sound of the news on the teevee.  News was, his
favourite bar was on fire.  He was holding a package for Robo-Trump's arch
nemesis, Nate Silver, and Robo-Trump's men had been getting closer and closer
every day.  Now, with thirty minutes to go before the scheduled delivery time,
Robo-Trumps robo-goons were pounding down St Mark's Place after him, and he had
just wrecked a new set of rims.  Maybe five minutes before the light beams
spinning inside them melted their way out.  Some Christmas this was.

Jack couldn't ride a lightcycle if the light was burning his ass off.  Jack
couldn't slow down either.  Robo-goons on his tail.

He revved his engine to max and shot into Tompkins Square Park.  In New York,
where he had been born, this was a park with grass and trees and shit.  In Old
York, York they called it, they called it Applefields playing field off Bad
Bargain Lane -- no joke, Bad Bargain Lane.  Here it was just a bunch of neon
square portals that you could step through if you were careful, jump through if
you were drunk, or plow a lightcycle through if you were completely out of
options.

Jack roared up a ramp at the largest square portal, then kicked his legs off
the pedals and pulled them tight into his torso.  He pulled his body down next
to his spinning front rim, and by conservation of angular momentum the body of
the bike drifted the other way.  His rear rim came up and smacked into the
square edge of the portal.  The portal crashed.

His lightcycle was sliced in two and somewhere else in Tompkins Square Park --
somewhere Jack had been not a tenth of a second ago, the other side of the
portal he'd just passed through, there was an explosion as his rear wheel
detonated.  His front wheel was in a worse state and was sure to blow when they
hit the ground Jack kicked off the remains of his bike, clutching the parcel
tight, and dived through another portal just in front of him.

There was a second explosion, this time in front of him, which meant his
exploding front wheel had knocked out the second portal he had come through
before any debris could follow through and clock him on the back of his head.
All of this had taken less than two seconds since he entered Tompkins Square
Park from St Mark's Place.  Jack knew the median time for the cops to respond
in this part of town.  It was eight seconds.  But he didn't have time to worry
about the cops just now.

The second portal had dumped him on Robo-Pence's head.

"In the genius, regardless, chained, gagged hatred at yourself -- your
self-esteem," Robo-Pence roared.  "He knew that means of maliciousness, the
best possible means, here, uncontrolled his emotions and government consuming
the demand of a coiled snake from Washington."

Jack tore his hand away from Robo-Pence's face where he had landed.  He smelt
his own burned flesh.  Robo-Pence had started to glow, started to cry red tears
from his metal eye sockets, started to emit a low, painful whining sound from
his lower torso. 

"A genius is something apart," Robo-Pence wailed.  "Someone who intends, who
ought not to be judged."

Jack leapt off the back of the crying robot VP and slammed both his heels into
the ground, deliberately hard.  He took a step forward to activate his right
lightblade, then another to activate his left lightblade, then skated for all
he was worth straight ahead.

Behind him, Robo-Pence screamed and exploded.  Shrapnel tore into the back of
his jacket and his helmet beeped warnings about its lack of structural
integrity.  Robo-Pence hadn't been in control of his self-destruct.  Jack's
lightblades melted a hole in the sewer cover and he dived down as the cop cars
swooped in from above.

"Just what the heck is in this package?" Jack whispered to himself twenty
minutes later.  He was one block from the drop point -- specified in advance
and crypto signed by Nate Silver's own personal private key.  For Robo-Trump to
sacrifice Robo-Pence like that meant it was something big.  He was out of
breath.  Been running for the last six miles.

Robo-Trump's robogoons had known who he was.  That meant someone had taken down
all the Kourier servers at once, hot, to get all five parts of the crypto key
to the public Kourier databases.  Those servers were behind a mile apiece of
artillery.  Taking one down, possible.  Taking five down, hard.  Taking five
down, hot, crypto keys intact, not possible.  Jack shook his head and kept
running.

Those servers being down meant his Kourier insurance was no good no more.  Both
ways.  If his customer stiffed him on his credit he'd have no-one to back him
up on extracting payment.  Other hand, he could toss the package -- open it,
even, look at what's inside -- and he wouldn't have the Kouriers gunning for
him for turning traitor.

...but his customer today was Nate Silver.  The Don.  The Godfather.  The Most
Wanted man in the USA.  Jack blessed his own paranoia.  He'd never got chipped.
Always invested in stealthtech and speed.  Even went running without augs, just
in case.  He wanted to meet his hero.

He came out of the sewer at the corner of Jerome and Cromwell Avenue.  Yankee
Stadium.  It figured.

There was a man there wearing shimmerskin.  Legal in public, though most people
associated it around Hunt's Point, i.e. perverts.  Jack nodded to the stranger,
and pressed the button on the side of his helmet.  The stranger pressed a
button on his watch face.  They both flickered green: key exchange successful.
The shimmerskin man started moving his lips.

"Hello," the man said.  Jack's helmet beeped and a picture of Nate Silver came
up.  His audiostream was digitally signed.  It was really him.

"Hello," replied Jack, pushing down another button on his helmet.  Nate
Silver's watch flicked up a picture that was blurred out by the shimmerskin,
but was presumably a picture of Jack.  He nodded.  Last bit of auth.

"Ty-Rot-eeph-EIGHT," said Nate Silver.

"Cug-ac-Hy-Hit-EIGHT," replied Jack, completing the one-time password call and
response.

Nate Silver held out his hand, and Jack palmed the package box, deactivating
the nitros inside.  He passed it over.  "Happy Christmas, Mr Silver."

The last free statistician in the world nodded at him, and turned to go.
Jack's voice caught in his throat.

"Sir?"  Nate Silver didn't stop or look back.  "Sir -- could I have -- could I
have a job?"

Nate Silver stopped.  He looked back at Jack Keblowski, recently of Cyberdelia,
345 Chambers Street, now a Kourier without a clan, and Jack wondered what he
saw.  He beckoned, once, and kept walking.  Jack ran to keep up.

"Happy Christmas, kid."
