---
layout: default
title: Christmas 2016
---
The second-worst thing about Indis-elf was her choice of hametree.

Amarie-elf hated Indis-elf's uncrooked teeth and her tall, gawking stature.  She
hated her irritating voice and her loud, uncouth laughter.  She hated her songs
and her sick smell and her unstopping outgoing nature.  And second-most of all
she hated the way that Indis-elf would smile when asked where she was from, and
how she would say that perhaps she came from far Cuiviénen, which was coarse,
since that was where she was born, but perhaps she came from Lórien, which was
fine, since that was where she grew up.

Most of all Amarie-elf hated knowing just why she hated Indis-elf so, and that
reason was because she saw everything in her that she hated in herself, down to
her hametree Cuiviénen and her denial of it, and her claim of Lórien as well,
down to the words she had used in the past and would never say again in her
shame.  Amarie-elf saw all her own weirdnesses in Indis-elf and hated her for
them.

The nights grew cold, and Christmas was approaching fast, and the Old River had
said once again they might celebrate it, provided no Elf forgot him and
provided they toasted him as well before each Christmas toast.  So the scōltree
was decked with holly boughs, the holly boughs that the Romans had borrowed
from the pagans, and so the elves toasted Old River and Christ, toasting each
night as the solstice approached.  Old River grumbled when he heard them, and
Ingwë-elf, hearing Old River grumble, bade the children scour the banks for
fallen branches, branches that troubled Old River by catching silt in their
fingertips and holding it tight.  The children all thought it unfair, since few
of them yet had cups to toast with, and fewer yet were given wine when they
borrowed them.

Amarie-elf loved the bright red southern holly boughs, and loved the merry
torches in the scōltree tunnels, and so sang the Roman songs in her best Lórien
voice as they scoured the bank for fallen branches.  She saw Indis-elf
listening on the side of the group, not knowing the words to the bright Roman
Christmas song, and she turned her face away from her to sing louder, the
better to be part of the group.  She didn't want to be thought of as like
Indis-elf by anyone.

They rounded a deep bend of rushing Old River to meet the wider, shallower,
slower reach where the water wandered and meandered on its way East.  On the
other side of Old River, where the reach was so shallow that even an Elf could
stand upright without getting swept away, an old tree had fallen down and
passed on into the next world.  No hametree of no Elf, was this tree, but just
a tree.  The children waded across the reach onto the sand, and paid their
respects as they had been taught.  All trees have the potential to be hametree
or scōltree in times of peace, or gewintree or damtree in times of strife, and
so the children gathered and bowed their heads down low.  Amarie-elf bowed hers
to the surface of the Old River, the better to keep her nose dry.

Mithrellas-elf looked at the fallen tree, which had been a hoary yew, and
frowned with her chin raised, readying herself to speak.  Her mother was Queen,
and Mithrellas-elf was practising looking stately, for some day she would lead
a throng, and they would go to the South to found a new hametree.  "We must
move this tree," she said, and her voice was as rough as healthy bark.  "It is
hurting Old River."  She began giving orders to the other children to float the
tree into the centre of Old River, where it could float downstream safely, and
she spoke to Amarie-elf.

"Amarie-elf," she said, "Thou art tallest, with the biggest muscles.  Stand
thyself deepest in Old River."

Amarie-elf felt her cheeks go pale as the calla lily, go as pale as her
mother's when angry, go as pale as the snow on the lone mountains.  She nodded
and waded to the deep of the reach, and tried to grunt a yes as a true one from
Lórien might.  Her gut churned.  She hated being tallest, hated being
strongest, hated going pale as she knew she now had.  She wished for the warm
rose colour her friends' cheeks would go if someone should call them tall or
call them muscular, were ever any of her friends to be called tall, or called
muscular, or that such a one as her should bethink herself to have friends
anyway.  She wrapped herself in dark thoughts, and did not speak then for
several days, which was not unusual for an Elf, and so her voice was scarce
missed.

So it came to Christmas eve, and she came to be alone in her group's
sleepchamber, and she came to hear a voice behind her.  It was Indis-elf who
had entered and who had spoken to her, and Amarie-elf struck her shoulders
taut, and nodded her head as fair as she could in greeting.

"Ye've spaken not," Indis-elf repeated.  "Since we all moved the tree."

Amarie-elf flinched at the memory, for who would bring it up to her, and what
sort of Elf would they be for doing so?  Indis-elf had come to laugh, laugh at
her, laugh at her for standing out so badly, laugh at her for being ungraceful,
laugh at her for being too strong, laugh at her for the Roman holly above her
bed and laugh at her tasteless self.

Indis-elf blinked slow and looked skyward, and then breathed deep and held out
a cup.  Amarie-elf could smell the life of the birch in the wood's fibre, could
feel the memory of Old River in the wood's veins, and could feel the faded
warmth of the carver's blade on the wood's seared knifework.

"Ye've no cup to toast with," Indis-elf said.  "So I traded an eve of weavin'
for it."

Amarie-elf's face went pale, and her hands took the cup, and in knowing what
her hands had done her face went paler still.  She'd no gift to give in return,
and she bowed as slow as her father might when unsettled, and thanked Indis-elf
grave for her kindness, and placed the cup careful on the sideboard.  Then,
mindful of her bond to the accepted gift, she reached into that sideboard and
took up her weybrade cake that sat there wrapped.  She broke off a chunk and
offered it to her guest.  "From," and her voice was as rough as bark from
disuse, and so she cleared it so she could speak proper, "from hametree
Cuiviénen."

Indis-elf nodded appreciatively, and she took the chunk of cake.  Amarie-elf
remembered her manners proper then, and stood and clasped the cup back to
herself, and faced Indis-elf to bow and say "Solstice blessings upon you."

Indis-elf smiled back, and she clasped careful the chunk of weybrade cake, and
she looked at Amarie-elf in the eye, and she gave a quick smile and replied, in
her best true Cuiviénen voice, "A happy Christmas to you".
