---
layout: default
title: Christmas 2018
---
Happy Christmas!

This is this year's retrospective (excluding any romantic relationship(s) on privacy grounds).
In the past I've done a collection of stories or an essay, and this year I don't have spare energy.

# Summary of 2018/2019

This year was productive professionally and rough personally.
I am watching the re-emergence of extremism and authoritarianism across the globe with worry.

Next year I will make a firmer distinction of work and life.

# What went well

*    Survived another year.
*    Joined the British Computer Society at professsional grade; I may now use the post-nominal 'MBCS'; I should now follow the [BCS Code of Conduct](https://www.bcs.org/category/6030).
*    Got promoted to Senior SRE.
*    Broadly maintained my mental health.
*    Travelled to 4 other countries.
*    Read about philosophical and professsional ethics, particularly computer ethics; trying to pay that forwards.
*    Was a contributing author to the On-Call chapter of the bestselling [Site Reliability Workbook](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920132448.do).

# What went badly

*    My apartment was flooded, causing 3 months of stress.
*    I finished losing 4-5 friendships (timescale: 5 years), some of which were key friendships.
*    I wrote little.
*    Work was stressful (N.B. contributed to personal growth).
*    Diet needs work; hopefully under control now.
*    Still not found a reliable doctor.

# What could have gone worse

*    I could have lost more friendships or not finished losing those friendships.

# What I want to do differently

*    I'll carry on with communication reading. This year I read `Never Split The Difference` by Voss and Raz, and tried to read `Crucial Conversations` by Patterson et al. (needs an editor who is not an executive of a Fortune 500 company) and `Ten Steps to Better Living` by some-psychologist (needs an editor, any editor, anyone, please, for Goodness' sake, someone please edit this crap -- even Searching the title with Google doesn't bring up the book).  Despite the low hit rate, I don't think I need to change up my reading strategy here.
*    I want to get comfortable saying "Hey, I'm not comfortable with that.".
*    Next year I'd like to write more.  I'll aim for 25 evenings in 2019 where I spend some time writing fiction.
*    Without the multiple bad surprises of 2018, I can go back to a more systematic work/life balancing.
*    Exercising is now fine during summer and needs tuning during winter; this year I will set more aggressive dates for both starting and stopping cycling workwards.
